add ordering notes (#40)
Level/classic-level: README.md

Before calling `repair()`, close a database if it's using the same `location`.

## Ordering

> Write operations don't have a defined order because they are asynchronously dispatched on the Node.js thread pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write operations don't have a defined order because they are asynchronously dispatched.
```

Consumers of this module shouldn't need to know about the thread pool

Consider:

``js
await Promise.all([
  db.put('foo', 1)
  db.put('foo', 2)
])

> const result = await db.get('foo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const result = await db.get('foo')
```

```

> The value of `result` could be either `1` or `2` depending on thread pool scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `result` could be either `1` or `2`.
```

Before calling `repair()`, close a database if it's using the same `location`.

## Ordering

> All write operations are asynchronously dispatched on the node thread pool and therefore the ordering
> is not guaranteed.

Reviewer 2: Nitpicking, but I prefer saying "not defined" because "not guaranteed" would imply that we do intend to have an order.

Side note, we don't have a max line length in our markdown (unlike Node.js). Skip the newlines.

```suggestion
Write operations don't have a defined order because they are asynchronously dispatched on the Node.js thread pool.
```

Consider:

``js
await Promise.all([
  db.put('foo', 1)
  db.put('foo', 2)
])
const result = await db.get('foo)
```

The value of `result` could be either `1` or `2` depending on thread pool scheduling.

> Furthermore since reads fetch the snapshot immediatly, writes will not be visible until at latest

Reviewer 2: This is not entirely true: https://github.com/Level/leveldown/issues/796 (same applies to `classic-level`).

Let's leave this paragraph (and the example) out for now, because I fear it will only create more confusion, at least until we fix https://github.com/Level/leveldown/issues/796 (or decide that the current behavior is desirable, maybe).

Reviewer: Agreed with @vweevers :)
